 1. Parent/Teacher setting up application for child
  
  The parent or teacher is setting up the application for the first time for their child. From their prefered smart tablet company, they need
  to install the app, "Read and Learn". Upon the first opening, they are guided to our main screen, the bookshelf. The bookshelf is empty at
  first, the parent must download and install a book, either free to read or with an in app purchase. Regardless of choice, the parent enters
  their apple/android password to verify purchase. The book is downloaded and installed into the application, making the app ready for use.
  
 2. Kid is being read to by application
    
  Now that the app is ready for use, the child is directed to the bookshelf. The child wants to have the hungry caterpillar read to them. 
  The book is chosen, and they choose the read feature. First page is then prompted for the child, which the application begins its reading.
  The application reads the page one word at a time, going slowly for the child to grasp the meaning of the word while providing small animations
  for every word read. The words are automatically iterated through, however an easy swipe will go either forwards or backwards in the sentence.
  After the book is finished, the child is directed back to the bookshelf. 
   
 3. Kid is reading and being read to
 Now that the app is ready for use, the child is directed to the bookshelf. The child wants to have the hungry caterpillar read to them. 
  The book is chosen, and they choose the read and listen feature. First page is then prompted for the child, which the application begins its reading.
  The application reads the page one word at a time, going slowly for the child to grasp the meaning of the word while providing small animations
  for every word read. Then the child must repeat the word with correct pronunciaton. The words are automatically iterated through when correctly read, however an easy swipe will go either forwards or backwards in the sentence.
  After the book is finished, the child is directed back to the bookshelf. 
 
 4. Kid is reading to application
    When receiving the tablet device from your parent, feel free to browse the library of books purchased on your device and choose a book that looks interesting to read. After choosing, pick the read option and prepare to begin reading your book. The book will display a sentence at a time, and you must correctly read each word in the sentence. The book keeps track of how many correct words you have read and will highlight the words green. Continue reading each sentence, while the book keeps track of the total correct words you’ve read. If you wish to pause, or get bored, you may close out of the app and pick up where you left off later. After completing the book, a score will be displayed that will show you the correct percentage of the book you read correctly. This score will be kept track of for later use to show you how much you’ve improved at reading. Once you’re done, show this score to your parent or teacher and continue on to your next book to complete!

5. Testing the search funtionality of the bookstore.

 The parent or teacher opens the application for their child. They view the books present in the application's library; all of the books
 have been read/heard several times by the child, so the parent decides to get a new book. They remember a specific book from their
 childhood and want to find it. The parent or teacher goes to the bookstore, searches for the book, then downloads and installs it for use.
